Set-EntraFeatureRolloutPolicy (#913)
microsoftgraph/entra-powershell: module/docs/entra-powershell-v1.0/Microsoft.Graph.Entra/Set-EntraFeatureRolloutPolicy.md

---
title: Set-EntraFeatureRolloutPolicy
description: This article provides details on the Set-EntraFeatureRolloutPolicy command.

ms.topic: reference
ms.date: 07/16/2024
ms.author: eunicewaweru
ms.reviewer: stevemutungi
manager: CelesteDG
author: msewaweru

external help file: Microsoft.Graph.Entra-help.xml
Module Name: Microsoft.Graph.Entra
online version: https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/module/Microsoft.Graph.Entra/Set-EntraFeatureRolloutPolicy
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Set-EntraFeatureRolloutPolicy

## Synopsis

Allows an admin to modify the policy for cloud authentication roll-out in Microsoft Entra ID.

## Syntax

```powershell
Set-EntraFeatureRolloutPolicy 
 [-Feature <FeatureEnum>] 
 [-IsEnabled <Boolean>] 
 -Id <String>
 [-IsAppliedToOrganization <Boolean>]
 [-AppliesTo <System.Collections.Generic.List`1[Microsoft.Open.MSGraph.Model.MsDirectoryObject]>]
 [-Description <String>] 
 [-DisplayName <String>] [
 <CommonParameters>]
```

## Description

> An admin uses the `Set-EntraFeatureRolloutPolicy` cmdlet to modify the cloud authentication roll-out policy including whether the method for cloud authentication is Pass-through Authentication or not (Password hash-sync) and whether Seamless SSO is enabled.
> Users in groups assigned to the policy start authenticating via the new authentication method and via Seamless SSO if specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An admin uses the `Set-EntraFeatureRolloutPolicy` cmdlet to modify the cloud authentication rollout policy. This includes selecting the authentication method (either Pass-through Authentication or Password Hash Synchronization) and enabling Seamless SSO if needed. 

Users in groups assigned to the policy will then authenticate using the specified method and Seamless SSO if it is enabled.
```
